I´m a sciencies teacher. I enjoy teach im my classes but i dont like grend home work. It sam´s to take ours.
I´m ceo happy. I travel over the world to see clients and they really enjoy sale of prod 
I´m vet. I´m enjoy thrid seek animals and ... get bather people thank my for helping there pets
I raft go on an lot a business trips in my job. I travel two or three times a month but i hate fly.
I´m to garden in paris. It´s not easy job but i love telling people about history of the city.
I work in the busy call center. but i hard do something more active. I hate stay in desk all day 
I´m waiter in a ... hotel. I´m enjoy serving customers and make them feel well come


[11.1]
1) There are three printers in your department.
2) Are there ladies´ toilets on the second floor 
3) There isn´t a cafeteria in the building
4) Is there a set time for launch breaks 
5) There aren´t any elevator in the office.
6) Is there a dress code at this company
7) There´s a photocopy on the first floor.
8) There aren´t any trash cans in the office.
9) Are there any interns on your team? 
10) There´s a calender on the notice board.

[11.2] 
 There is a trash cans for we ... paper.
1) There is an elevator that goes to all the office floors 
2) There are some stickers in the stationery cabinet
3) There are some men´s toilets on the first and third floor
4) There is a water cooler in the kitchen
5) There isn´t a set time for lunch breaks

[11.3]
So. How use your first day in the new job Deb.
it´s great 
There are five people in my time and they are all very friendly.
and ... whats the offices like.
well. there are three floors but there isn´t elevator. so there are lost ...
You get fit walking open down ...
Yes. I will.
And .. Is there .... offices in your team? 
Yes! There is.
Is only second floor next to a calls. there is an prints in the offices to.
Is there a dress code?
Yes there is.
it´s business dress code.
But the some time ... days .... in your jeans and give money two and third 
and .. Is there a cafeteria?
There is small café in the first floor.
whit sell some .. news
That some is perfect 
It is.
I think an go to enjoy work there. a Lot 

[14.8]
this prints is faster than the other, but that one is more reliable.
this coffee is stronger than I normally buy, but it is also tastier.
this building is newer than my last workplace, and the are is quietter
this café is busier than the other one, so the services is slower
My new uniform is comfortabler than my old one, but uglier

[14.11]
I work long a hours than before,but i .... . The job it is much interesting and I happy here
My ... salary is better than my previous job . Now i can farther by new car 
I finish work at five o´clock everyday, because the over time pay is much was the my old job. So it´s ... work late.
... I really hate for my new job is last the my lost one but I get other benefits ... free lunch´s and the travel car.
My commute is shorter the in ... so I can bicycle the work now. What is great. Because i quite my fit and save my money
My weekly ... a last and before , both i get much big a ... a the end every month 

[14.15]

Hi John.
I going to be work on these new marketing project review.
So. How did you workflow before you can to work for as here.
Well. I is work for a ... old marketing company. It´s much more up to day here.
What you enjoy most about project?
I love working with social media campaign now
I no a work long hours, but job is so much more interesting.
What you think about boss?
I liker. She friendly in than my old boss
I think it speak .... is more relax. Everything was this organized than my old job, but here it´s much more efficient

[14.16]
So Patrick these is new offices
.....
How do you think compare today other sad?
Well. The other sad was old fashion ... is that
These is more modern I like
So. What .. do you like about?
Definitely is better for ...
The ... a more comfortable,so I don`t care back anymore 
plus the are new computers there faster ....
and the new software is easy the use.
True, What do you think about the new location?
It`s great the build is much close my apartment.
so is create for my is get to work and last time ... train.
Have you fund anywhere good to go for launch?
I have ... these great Japan restaurant i going to these launch time
what do you like the come ..



[15.3]
1- Lunch is served at noon.
2- Don´t leave before Mr. Davies .
3- Never arrive after 9am.


[15.6]
I live in istanbu. I take the ... the work it money, I love the view.
I live in the suburb So I have the take train the work it`s comfortable common and I read my book.
............
I like stan ... I return home .. foot eat evening. It take about forty minutes.
I drive to work everyday. There are lost traffic ... during rush alwere


[15.9]
I love take the metro to work it´s really convenient I void all the trafic ... and I get read paper in the morning.
I ride my bike to work and then stored in my office. It´s much better than trying to find space at to be trek.
I commute go by train. It´s great. It´s really comfortable and a get lot is work .. and the evening. The travel is that very excpensived
I like going to work by motor cycle. it´s free to parking at more economic than drive a car.
I drive to work. Because is really convenient and I can pack my children of school one alway home.
I´m take the boat the ... island and go to the next island by fary to meet people from the at port.
When I have a lot or documents and files the work home over the weekend. I take the taxi home for work.
I go to work on foot everyday. I like , because helps my stay fit but I don´t like care in on my laptop and papers when it rains. 

[17.2]
In my free time a like ..... at house .... outside fresh air
I ... fit because I have pet dog and I ref take for work 
I also go running frequently about three time all week. Usually ... in my house it´s big pock and a long about five kilometers it time 
I like ...my friends. We sometime go to the moves about one so ... month. We loves moves and .... about ... I go camping together, Usually rains 
... because so much ...
Saturday night we always go out . We never stay in home. Is to boring.

[17.3]
I often do yoga in the evening.
WE occasionally go to see a play.
She often listens to music at work.
I always take photos on when I go vacation.

[18.5]
Helo Ben
How was your weekend?
Great Thanks.
I visit York with Helen and the kids.
Wow. Was you a good trip.
Yes. Thanks. York is really beautiful history city and there are lot .. building , and stayed really nice hotel 
oh What do you do ... there?
Well. We visit old castle, I love history and the kids enjoy explore old different rooms, it`s very atmosphere And visit ... Museum. It`s so interesting.
You can see what tower look like in the ...
What do you do in evening?
I want to the go to the circus, but there are no ticket.
So we want see a moves in stayed. 
we ... animation. The kids liked. but I didn´t. It´s boring to be honest.
What do you do for food?
Helen like trying new food . So we want Korean restaurant. Helen enjoying, but the children didn´t like food.
So we walk ... restaurant ... long street.
My kids a ... to you, it`s so the ....
I know



[18.6]
We arrived late, but our boss didn´t shout at us.
I washed my car , but it didn´t look clean.
I watch the film, but I didn´t enjoy it
I stopped raining, but then it started snowing.
I didn´t walk to work, I cycle.



[18.10]
Hi Jasmine how are you?
Okay thanks 
I ... back my vacation.
OH Was a good?
Yes. Thanks.
We was in activity best trip, so I play lost sports.
oh like what?
Well. I play tennis. I love tennis and a play volleyball but I also try think the first time.
That is really ....
For example.
I try yoga.
Did you enjoy? 
Yes! I really liked.
I want do again.
Did you try in ... local food?
OH yes. I love try new food.
I tried cafta and ...
Absolute delicious
Oh Did you care sun back ... form.
We now love my food.
Sore no.
Mybe I can find recep 


[19.4]
Hello, I`m Rachel
I was born April ... 1986 in Boston but I move to New York where i live now in 2014
I´m Lawyer and I started work for these company in August 2015.
I really like the people my team.
My best friend is Samanta. She is the Lawyer too.
Happy birthday in July. She comes from ... in Scotland.
My husband is .... he comes from hon kong 
and he move to New York in 1998 he is a Lawyer too.
both work for different fan. We go married a may 4 2016.
We very happy together.

[19.5]
Hi I`m Joe.
I move to London in 2012
I in Bank ...
and I started in my company in March 2012.
The people in my company our great, especially my colleague Ailsa how is now is my wife.
We first work together in a august 2012.
I like ... alway petty sun she like to my too.
We play tennis together and watch the .... moves and listen to the ... music.
..... we go married 
We was fantastic day, with all my friends and family there.
Now we expecting a baby.
Little Luca is do to a live a may 12 next year.

[20.6]
I left in my lost job in the kitchen all the lord ... restaurant because I had work 14 hours everyday.
I work in a hair stylist my lost job summer my client were celebrities
I deliver mail in my first job when I was eight years old
I had a bicycle and a uniform and the bag is really have.
I`m twenty years has old and a got college to study from must .....  I`m study different college from my underground at ... I had heavy job
My first job in a Hospital and the spending my time care for people and emergency department.

[21.4]
Hi everyone.
Okay. I`m here today to tell you bit about all company history.
Brisar Wilson started teen at you key ... more company could Brisar Styling
(1) - Brisar Styling was founded by Brian and Sarah Paterson in 1984.
They open the ... salon in a town about one hundred small for London.
(2) At first business was quite slow and the salon was often empty
Brian and Sarah ... only to people ... Styling Hair and often work very long hours.
How every there repetition grow and the salon be can much busier
(3) They opened a second hair salon in London in 1988.
This boss .... because ... very hi
They the ......
(4) Five years last they launched their hair product rage.
(5) By 1995 they were stylists for many top celebrities.
This celebrities also us the ... products 
And the products be cam very popular
(6) Last year, Brisar Styling merged with our beauty product company, Wilson`s.
Now Brisar Wilson`s is the big join hair and beauty product company in the country

[23.1]
Steve is working from home today. He is writing the report.
1- The company losing money so we are planning a restructure.
2- Stacy is not working in the office today, she is visiting the factory.
3- Dan is meeting a new client. They are chating in the meeting room.
4- Colin starting the new project. He is working with Angela.
5- The head offices is relocating to Delhi. We are moving this week.
6- Profits are falling this year and the team is felling nervous.
7- Anika is working late tonight. She is prepares apresentation.
8- Sue and Clive are having lunch downtown they are eating chinese. 
9- I'm going on vacations next week. I'm missing the training day
10- Our company is salling a lot to india. We are open an office in Mumbai
11- Our secretary is retiring. we are recruit a new one.
12- Sam and Sue are discussing the report, They are planing a meetting about it.
13- Chrissie is choosenig a new team. She is considering Paul for a position.
14- Alex is living the company. He is move to new york.

[23.2]
What is Dong reading?
1- Who are you meeting?
2- Is team writing the report.
3- Are Kin and Joe present today?
4- Are you print by agenda.
5- Is the company move.
6- When are you retiring?
7- Who are you promoting?

[23.3]
Is Tom translating the new contract today?
1- Is the conference take place in Venece next April?
2- Is Leanne giving a presentation on the take over plans?
3- Our are owners hoping to buy our biggest competitor?
4- Is Brendan progamming the software for new machinery?
5- Are we taking time off in August this year?

[23.4]
Where are you working on friday?
1- Are you having lunch at 1 pm today?
2- Tommy is going to the conference today.
3- Is Jhon working until 7 pm again?
4- We are traveling to New york again.
5- Are you coming to the meeting on friday?
6- are you visiting the factory next month?
7- I'm not taking time off in August
8- The head offices is moving in the spring.
9- Fran isn't coming to the office tomorrow 
10- What are you doing on tuesday?
11- San is meeting the client this afternoon
12- Tim is leaving work at 5pm today.

[23.5]

Hi Frank 
they do get my email. We really meet arrange time for a meeting about at new salles strategy for the next could it.
HI Clare. So sorry I don't replay it's been so busy here ... anyway let's come so .... and see want week ....
What about monday? I'm free on morning.
Let my see ... On monday morning I visiting the factory. All be back in lunch time. What you doing in the afternoon?
Sorry Frank I'm not ... then. I doing an training .... for the new a team system. What about tuesday. 
I'm taking tuesday off it's my anniversary
Oh. congratulations. Are you doing anything nice ?
My wife Daya visiting york for the day. Them when going at to feature in the evening anyway. How about let in the week? I have sun free time morning thursday.
I'm not doing anything in the morning. What about you? I meeting a new client in thursday morning. How about in the afternoon around 2PM?
Let my see .... I contect to I meeting Pete from ... for quick chat. How about 2 half? 
That looks fine with my. I puting in my calender.
Great Frank. Send you confirmation email and see you thursday at 2 half 
By 

[23.6]
What are you doing on Monday morning?
I'm giving a presentation to the interns at 10am

1- Where are you going on Monday afternoon?
   I have lunch with the IT team.
   
2- What time are you meeting the clients?
   I meeting at 3pm

3- Where are you going on Wednesday?
   I flying at Edinburgh 
   
4- What time are you returning on Thursday?
   I return to London at 11:40am.
   
5- Where are you going on Firday evening?
   I going to Sandra leaving party 

[]
   
[24.1]
I'm sorry but, I can't agree with you there.
1- Excuse but I agree with Stacey here.
2- What are you talking about? That's wrong.
3- I'm afraid I have to  disagree with you about that. 
4- Could I just say that there are other options ?
5- Sorry to interrupt. But I have different figures.
6- That's absolute nonsense.
7- If I could just come in here, Robert.

[24.2]
Morning everyone. What time on test think about at Agrocorp is have in approach are when environment policy. Any suggestion? Susi
Yes. In my opinion. We need develop new fill the fashion vehicle it's simple that.
I'm undestand. But the cost so lot to develop new vehicles. We could in prod ... see in a present car ... and think about using different can't fill.
Sorry to interrupt Dan. But I don't think ... any.. all company leave terrible carbon fooprint and using open ... to number resources.
I'm not sure fine agree. Small changes is make different. We can stop was then sun ... start to recycle whest in the factory all ... tell people cicle to work.
Well in my opinion that so way .. time. I still think we need do ... We need think about develop eletric vehicle.
I'm undestand what you saying. But these ... time.

[24.3]
This will lead to a fall in profits.
Sorry to desagree ,but my figures are different.

1- A company might lose millions of dollers
   I'm sorry. I not sure agree.
   
2- This clothes won't appeal to people in China 
   Sorry, but in my opinion they will sell well 

3- We need increase our focus on the youth market.
   I can see your point, but I still think senior citizens are more important.

4- We had exactly the same problem last year.
   If I could just come here and mention good news from France.
   
5- The figures show  a dramatic fall this year.
    Excuse my , but my figures tell a different story
   
6- We need to employ two new team menbers 
   but I just say ...? the budget won't cover it 
   
7- India will be our biggest market in 2050.
   I'm not sure I agree. Seles to china are growing faster.
   
8- and if we sall our new software.
   Sorry to interrupt, but the software is not ready yet.
   

[24.4]
Clere's scheduled the meeting for later. She'll send the agenda to everyone soon
   
1- I'm afraid Sean can't make it to the meeting, and has sent his apologies.
2- Shall we take a vote on the new strategy to see what course of action to take?
3- Ramona will take to minutes and email them to everyone after the meeting.
4- I agree with the emotion. How about you? What do you think about it?
5- If I could just interrupt for a moment? I think we need to take vote on this.
6- That sums up most of the issues we are facing. I just have a few clousing remarks.
7- Claude is the chair, so he has the casting vote if there is a tie.
8- The chair of our budget meetings likes to keep his clousing remarks very short.
9- I read through the agenda before the meeting, so I know what will be taking about.

[25.1]
I don't like the new offices.
Me neither.   

1- I didn't undestand Juan's presentation.
   Me neither.

2- I don't like the new product designs.
   Neither do I.

3- I thought this year report was very positive
   So did I.

4- I didn't enjoy Pavel's presentation
   Neither did I.
   
5- I'm going to the cafeteria for lunch.
   Me too.
   
6- I like Derek's new tie.
   So don't I.
   
7- I don't like taking the metro
   Me neither.
   
8- I think the software needs update.
   So don't I.
   
9- I like the new team members.
   Me too.
   
[25.3]
1- I think the new marketing team is great. Me too they're very hard working.
2- I through the talk was realy interesting. I supose you're rigth but it was so long.
3- I didnt's undestand that complicated talk. Nor did I it was too dificult.
4- The new head of admin is very efficient. Yes I great. She is very friendly too.
5- It's good that we can buy parking permits.I suppose so but they are expensive.
6- I like the new packaging designs. Me too they're pratical and cheap.
7- I didn't like the old heard of HR. Neither did I . He was always moody.
8- I thought the launch was great today. So did I the menu was excellent.

[25.6]
Well, that was ... they what make lot changes ....
I not sure that changes is all good.
wow really? With one did is like? I love we are have .... it's great for people like my , how circus to work.
I'm sorry but I these ... we are use ... the ... so that take building ... room and a only three people circu the work.
oh. What about hot drink's machines. Will have ... five different coofes that will be great.
I suppose, but it will be half to drink's now. What you think about haven tea .... every friday now. I us they like monday .. we was better begening at the week.
I not sure about ... I think is better on friday be has week plane for the week had but i do like idea a was so going convetion in Santiago.

[25.7]
I'm sorry but I have to disagree with you about that.
1- Yes. I suppose you rigth about the new design.
2- You could be rigth but i need to do more research.
3- I'm sorry but I don't agree at all with that comment
4- I'm afraid I don't agree about this one issue
5- I'm not sure about that Sarah. I'm don't like it.
6- I'm afraid  I finally disagree. That will never work 

[26.3]
She cut herself on the machinery

1- They locked themselves in the fridge.
2- He burned hinself on the coofe machine.
3- both of you protect yourself from the sun.
4- We booked ourselves on a fire safety course.
5- I feel and hurt myself on the wet floor

[26.6]
1- She's cut youself get the first aid box.
2- They paid for it themselves.
3- The machine started itself.
4- Please take care of yourselves.
5- Make youserlf ,, aware of the fire exits.


[27.7]
This time slot is impractical. Why don't we rearrange it?
1-I'm unable to come in the morning. How about the afternoon?
2- I misspell words so often. Why don't we get an editor?
3- The machine isn't working. We should disconnect it.
4- Are you unwell ? Why don't we call a doctor for you?
5- These Test are impossible. What about doing easier ones?

[27.8]
These Test are impractical. Why don't we ... new ones?
The monitor keeps going one undoff. should disconnect it.
Don't be unpatience with your cellphone or tablet. We should away .... the ... following be for .... it.
Jhon. Why do you this agree with everything I say about this project. Lets sit down and talk about it.
So many people misspell words an emails . How about getting ... check program.

[27.9]
Why don't we keep notes? So we don't missundestand the plane.
1- Let's use our old system again. This new one is so unfamiliar and slow.
2- How about changing the time, So that more people are unable the come.
3- Let's discuss the negative feedback from people who disagree with our plan.
4- What about explaining the delay to stop people from becoming in so impatient.
5- I love convenient. it's so easy to connect with new people.
6- I have no ideia how to write this report. it's seems impossible. 




